# Warmup Questions

1.  What is the clone url of this repository?
    >  https://github.com/diego0020/lab_vision

2.  What is the output of the ``cal`` command?

        cal displays a simple calendar. If no arguments are specified, the current month is displayed.

# Homework Questions

1.  What is the ``grep``command?
    >   grep searches the named input FILEs for lines containing a match to the given PATTERN. If no files are specified, or if the   file “-” is given, grep searches standard input. By default, grep prints the matching lines.

2.  What is a *makefile*?
    >   Used for Building targets. You can use bash in your Makefile for conditionals, variables, and more. A simple makefile consists of “rules” with the following shape:

 target … : prerequisites …
        recipe
        …
        …
A target is usually the name of a file that is generated by a program; examples of targets are executable or object files. 

4.  What does the ``-prune`` option of ``find`` do? Give an example
    >   True; if the file is a directory, do not descend into it.  If
        -depth is given, false; no effect.  Because -delete implies
        -depth, you cannot usefully use -prune and -delete together.

        The general pattern for using -prune is this:
        find [path] [conditions to prune] -prune -o \
                                        [your usual conditions] [actions to perform]

        example: find . -name .snapshot -prune -o -name '*.foo' -print

5.  Where is the ``grub.cfg``  file
    >   /boot/grub/grub.cfg

6.  How many files with ``gnu`` in its name are in ``/usr/src``
    >   9095

7.  How many files contain the word ``gpl`` inside in ``/usr/src``
    >   1550

8.  What does the ``cut`` command do?
    >   Print selected parts of lines from each FILE to standard output.

9.  What does the ``wget`` command do?
    >   Wget is a free utility for non-interactive download of files from the Web. It supports HTTP, HTTPS, and FTP protocols, as well as retrieval through HTTP proxies.

9.  What does the ``rsync`` command do?
    >   Rsync is a fast and extraordinarily versatile file copying tool. It can copy locally, to/from another host over any remote shell, or to/from a remote rsync daemon. It offers a large number of options that control every aspect of its behavior and permit very flexible specification of the set of files to be copied. It is famous for its delta-transfer algorithm, which reduces the amount of data sent over the network by sending only the differences between the source files and the existing files in the destination. Rsync is widely used for backups and mirroring and as an improved copy command for everyday use.

10.  What does the ``diff`` command do?
    >   Compare FILES line by line.

10.  What does the ``tail`` command do?
    >   Print the last 10 lines of each FILE to standard output. With more than one FILE, precede each with a header giving the file name.

10.  What does the ``tail -f`` command do?
    >   with the -f argument, output appended data as the file grows.

10.  What does the ``link`` command do?
    >   Call the link function to create a link named FILE2 to an existing FILE1.

11.  How many users exist in the course server?
    >   30

12. What command will produce a table of Users and Shells sorted by shell (tip: using ``cut`` and ``sort``)
    >   awk -F':' '{ print $1 $7}' /etc/passwd | sort -t"/" -k2,2

libuuid
rv.andres10
colord/bin/false
diegoangulo/bin/bash
ingcg/bin/bash
landscape/bin/false
messagebus/bin/false
pa.arbelaez/bin/bash
postfix/bin/false
root/bin/bash
sync/bin/sync
syslog/bin/false
vision/bin/bash
backup/usr/sbin/nologin
bin/usr/sbin/nologin
daemon/usr/sbin/nologin
games/usr/sbin/nologin
gnats/usr/sbin/nologin
irc/usr/sbin/nologin
list/usr/sbin/nologin
lp/usr/sbin/nologin
mail/usr/sbin/nologin
man/usr/sbin/nologin
news/usr/sbin/nologin
nobody/usr/sbin/nologin
proxy/usr/sbin/nologin
sshd/usr/sbin/nologin
sys/usr/sbin/nologin
uucp/usr/sbin/nologin
www-data/usr/sbin/nologin

13. What command will produce the number of users with shell ``/sbin/nologin`` (tip: using ``grep`` and ``wc``)
    >   grep -c /sbin/nologin /etc/passwd

Answer = 17

15. Create a script for finding duplicate images based on their content (tip: hash or checksum)
    You may look in the internet for ideas, but please indicate the source of any code you use
    Save this script as ``find_duplicates.sh`` in this directory and commit your changes to github

Script "find_duplicates.sh" in the lab_vision directory created.

16. What is the meaning of ``#! /bin/bash`` at the start of scripts?
    >   That is called a shebang, it tells the shell what program to interpret the script with, when executed. A shebang is the character sequence consisting of the characters number sign and exclamation mark (#!) at the beginning of a script. Under Unix-like operating systems, when a script with a shebang is run as a program, the program loader parses the rest of the script's initial line as an interpreter directive.
In this case, the script is to be interpreted and run by the bash shell.

17. How many unique images are in the ``sipi_images`` database?
    >   306 images (155 texture images, 38 aerial images, 44 miscellaneous and 69 sequences)
    
